Ending 1: If out safely with kid and dog
The fire rages on in Fremont, but you and your family have escaped the blaze. Your child is in awe of the contrast between the orange sky of his old home aflame, and the peaceful blue of the world that had yet to see such a disaster. He is worried, but happy to be safe for the time being.

Your dog is quiet, resting on the lap of your child in the backseat. She stares into the distance as your son strokes her fur, until she is lulled to sleep.

And you drive to the nearest hotel, one that will welcome you for the next few days as you assess the damage. There are others like you, and you are lucky to find vacancy amidst the chaos of displaced families.

Your wife will be home in a few days, but she will not have a home to come back to. But you will rebuild and endure, and it will only be a matter of time before you make a new home for her, your son, and of course, your dog.

Your family will live, united.

Ending 2: If out safely without kid and/or dog
The fire rages on in Fremont. You have saved yourself, and your family is in shambles. There is a stark contrast between the orange sky of your former life aflame, and the peaceful blue of the world that does not mourn for you.

You drive yourself crazy wondering what could’ve been done differently. Scenarios zoom past, filling you with regret and self-loathing. 

You rehearse what you’ll say to your wife. Maybe you let her down gently, or get straight to the point. You can only imagine the response you’ll get, the sadness she will feel, the mental wounds that may never heal.

Who knows what the future will hold for the two of you?

Ending 3: If you didn’t get out at all
The fire rages on in Fremont. Your family is soon engulfed by the blaze, but there is more pain in regret than the fire that swallows you.

Your wife is sitting in the airport watching the news. She tries to contact you and your son, but to no avail. She wants to assume the worst, but will not give up hope until she sees for herself. Maybe they’re driving out, she thinks.

Your son will never get to grow up, and you can’t help but hold yourself accountable. Maybe if you had done things differently, he could’ve lived. 
Instead, your family will be nothing more than a pile of ashes.